tile.dt.dogBed.name=Dog Bed
tile.dt.foodBowl.name=Food Bowl

item.dt.throwBone0.name=Throw Bone
item.dt.throwBone1.name=Drool Throw Bone
item.dt.trainingTreat.name=Training Treat
item.dt.superTreat.name=Super Treat
item.dt.masterTreat.name=Master Treat
item.dt.direTreat.name=Dire Treat
item.dt.breedingBone.name=Breeding Bone
item.dt.doggyCharm.name=Doggy Charm
item.dt.collarShears.name=Collar Shears
item.dt.commandEmblem.name=Command Emblem

container.packpuppy=Doggy Backpack
container.foodBowl=Food Bowl
itemGroup.doggytalents=Doggy Talents

dogBed.bedding.whiteWool=White Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.orangeWool=Orange Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.magentaWool=Magenta Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.lightBlueWool=Light Blue Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.yellowWool=Yellow Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.limeWool=Lime Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.pinkWool=Pink Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.grayWool=Gray Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.lightGrayWool=Light Gray Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.cyanWool=Cyan Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.purpleWool=Purple Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.blueWool=Blue Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.brownWool=Brown Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.greenWool=Green Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.redWool=Red Wool Bedding
dogBed.bedding.blackWool=Black Wool Bedding

dogBed.outside.oakPlank=Oak Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.sprucePlank=Spruce Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.birchPlank=Birch Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.junglePlank=Jungle Plank Casing

dogBed.outside.oakWood=Oak Wood Casing
dogBed.outside.spruceWood=Spruce Wood Casing
dogBed.outside.birchWood=Birch Wood Casing
dogBed.outside.jungleWood=Jungle Wood Casing

dogBed.woolError=Error (Unknown Wool ID)
dogBed.woodError=Error (Unknown Casing ID)

#Forestry Addon
dogBed.outside.forestry.larchPlank=Larch Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.teakPlank=Teak Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.acaciaPlank=Acacia Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.limePlank=Lime Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.chestnutPlank=Chestnut Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.wengePlank=Wenge Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.baobabPlank=Baobab Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.sequoiaPlank=Sequoia Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.kapokPlank=Kapok Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.ebonyPlank=Ebony Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.mahoganyPlank=Mahogany Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.balsaPlank=Balsa Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.willowPlank=Willow Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.walnutPlank=Walnut Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.greenheartPlank=Greenheart Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.cherryPlank=Cherry Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.mahoePlank=Mahoe Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.poplarPlank=Poplar Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.palmPlank=Palm Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.papayaPlank=Papaya Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.pinePlank=Pine Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.plumPlank=Plum Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.maplePlank=Maple Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.citrusPlank=Citrus Plank Casing
dogBed.outside.forestry.giganteumPlank=Giganteum Plank Casing